[MUSIC]
>> Kent C. Dodds: Now that we have our
builds running, we want to be able to keep
track of our code coverage as people
are contributing to the project.
And we also,
when somebody makes a pull request,
we'll get integration with
the Codecov bot to tell us
whether we've increased or
decreased our code coverage.
And so we're going to add support for
Codecov here.
So the first thing that we'll
do here is we're gonna npm,
I'm actually going to install things
now through the command line.
So npm install --save-dev,
or -D codecov.
I'm pretty sure that's the one, yep.
And that should,
>> Kent C. Dodds: Install Codecov
1.0.1 right here.
With that installed,
we're going to add a script for
reporting our coverage.
So I'll add that right below our
test scripts, report coverage.
And the Codecov takes the lcov
report that we're generating,
you can find that in
the coverage lcov.info.
It takes that report as through
standard in, which you can get with cat
./coverage/lcov.info.
And pipe that into the Codecov binary.
And then from that it will just, yeah,
magically report that to Codecov.
It actually has really great
integration with Travis, and
so you don't need to even have keys or
anything like that.
Yeah, it's just integrated
with Travis really well.
Before you actually commit though,
I'm gonna show you one other
thing that you're gonna wanna do.
And I go to codecov.io, and log in.
So I guess sign up with GitHub,
and that will log you in.
Yeah, and then once you make sure
that you have an account on there and
you can login, then you can add
this report-coverage script
to your travis.yml file.
You could add it just do
the script bit here, but
we only really care to report coverage
if this ends up being successful.
And so there is another property in
this travis.yml that we can use,
called after_success.
>> Kent C. Dodds: And
it will be npm run report-coverage.
>> Kent C. Dodds: And so
I'll just do a git dif here so
you can see the changes that I made.
We added after_success scripts to
out travis.yml, a report-coverage
script to our package.json scripts,
and the codecov dependency.
If you have those things,
then you can commit those,
add codecov reporting, and push that.
Once you have that pushed,
>> Kent C. Dodds: Actually by the way,
while we're waiting for
the Travis build, here, github-names.
So while we're waiting for this Travis
build to finish, I should mention
that if you were unsuccessful in
getting all this Travis stuff to work,
you will still be able to publish your
repo, it just won't be automated.
Or so when we're all said and done, for
those of you who didn't get through
automating this stuff through Travis,
you can still run npm-publish and
you'll get your repo and
your name's module up on the registry.
And I'll show you how to do
that toward the end here.
So there is still hope, you may still
get something on the registry today.
Okay cool.
So now Travis is running,
add Codecov reporting.
It should actually run a little bit
quicker the second time because it
doesn't need to reinstall all of
the node modules, which is great.
And yeah, let's see.
Let me make sure I covered everything for
this one.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Yep, that's pretty
much it, so we'll just wait for this.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Anybody
have this build running?
Getting ready to see their coverage stats?
>> Kent C. Dodds: So if you,
once your build has finished running,
you can see the npm run
report-coverage script.
And they collapse that by default,
but you can pop it open and
see all the output there,
which is pretty fun.
And then you can see at the end here it
says view report at, you can copy that.
Yeah, click handlers, that's fun.
Copy that and go to that.
Your URL will simply be
codecov.io/github/yourusername/yourrepon-
ame, and
we'll just go directly to that URL.
And you'll see that you have
100% code coverage on master.
It'll show the sun bursting,
actually lots of these graphs are kind of
boring when you have 100% code coverage.
Which is actually a good thing
you want it to be boring.
But you can look at specific commits and
how they effected your code coverage and
compare commits, look at poll requests.
I totally like just gave everybody
my token, so I'll fix that later.
[LAUGH] And yeah, it's pretty cool.
There should be a file
explorer here somewhere.
Yeah, here we go.
Files, you can look at the lines
of coverage for your files,
which is pretty cool.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Anybody here
have their Codecov report?
>> Kent C. Dodds: No,
we're failing pretty hard?
Is there anything, any specific questions
that you have, stuff that you're missing?
>> Speaker 2: So
this semantic release CLI-
>> Kent C. Dodds: You're jumping
ahead, man.
[LAUGH] Yeah, go ahead and ask.
I was just joking.
>> Speaker 2: It requires Python?
>> Kent C. Dodds: No, it shouldn't.
Yeah, it should all just be JavaScript.
>> Kent C. Dodds: Any other questions or?
>> Speaker 3: Did I miss something about
a repository token we need for Codecov?
>> Kent C. Dodds: No, you shouldn't
need to do anything special with tokens.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Kent C. Dodds: I need to do something
special with tokens cuz that just got on
video.
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 3: But yeah,
when I run the Codecov in
the command line it just failed.
>> Kent C. Dodds: If you run it yourself,
then yeah, you'll need to have a token.
So Codecov actually integrates
with Travis to know whether or
not it's okay to accept
the coverage report.
And so you don't need to worry about
tokens when you use Travis with Codecov.
But if you run Codecov
locally to send a report,
then it does require authentication.
And you can actually get your token,
as we saw, from your settings.
You can copy that and set the variable, I
think, I don't remember what the variable
name is, enviroment variable name is,
but if you wanted to run it locally.
Cool, so Codecov also has a badge I'm
gonna just show you really quick.
Badges are actually a really great way to
communicate to people using your project
that you can,
of the status of the project,
whether the project has a passing build
and coverage and all kinds of things.
There are a lot of badges on here.
So lots of different services have their
own way that you can get a badge that
look kind of similar.
I like to use shields.io because they
use SBG, and so it works great for
retin displays and others.
And they have support for
a ton of different services, and
they also have the ability for
you to make your own badge.
So awesome and then we'll do sunglasses.
We'll do, yeah, sunglass, boom,
and we'll say blue, make a badge.
[SOUND] And boom, I've got this awesome
badge which is really cool, woah.
Yeah, so that's fun.
So I like shields.io for that reason.
They have support for Travis, so
you can actually click on this,
copy that, and
then replace everything from
rust-lang here to your user name.
So mine is javascriptair/github-names.svg.
And that will give me my green build
is passing, which is pretty cool.
I like to have this flat squared style.
So you can have the plastic style, the
style flat, and the style flat squared.
So you can do that by adding
style equals flat squared,
and than it looks like, wait, flat square.
Did I spell something wrong?
Yeah, it's flat square.
And then it will look like a flat square,
I like that, I don't know, I'm into that.
But yeah,
there's also Codecov badge here so
you can, yeah,
use Codecov too if you want.
Just copy that URL, paste it up here,
and update the username,
>> Kent C. Dodds: Or the repo name.
And then you get your coverage
report there too, your badge.
Then you can just use mark down
to stick that right in there.
I'll show you an example
of that a little bit later.
But budges are a great way to communicate
the commitment level of the project,
and then whether this stuff's the project.
Sweet, so any questions?
It looks like Brent has a question.
Does Codecov have
integration with CircleCI?
I think it does, I'm pretty positive
that Steve, the guy who makes Codecov,
he's really good at integrating
with lots of different things.
And he's also asking about a preference
between CircleCI and Travis.
That's actually,
I have a blog post for everything.
So let's see, git c.travis/circleci/snap.
It is called continuous delivery.
And here I compare five
different CI services.
But this comparison was for applications.
But you can see kinda my thought
process when choosing a CI service.
I explain in Travis that I prefer it for
my open source stuff,
just because it really works really,
really well with lots of
different tools for open source.
But ultimately I chose SnapCI for
my applications.
If I were to do it over again,
I might actually choose Worker.
So something to look into.
Cool, sweet.
Tim has Codecov success.
Anybody else have Codecov success?
>> Kent C. Dodds: Nope, well okay.
This is some fun homework
to do after the fact.
I knew this was gonna be risky.
But yeah,
hopefully you can at least publish,
when we're all finished here,
you'll be able to publish your stuff.